feat: Set HEAD routes automatically for each GET route (#2700)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

  * `params`: validates the params.
  * `response`: filter and generate a schema for the response, setting a
    schema allows us to have 10-20% more throughput.

> * `exposeHeadRoute`: creates a sibling `HEAD` route from the current one. Only applies for `GET` routes. Defaults to the value of [`exposeHeadRoutes`](Server.md#exposeHeadRoutes) instance option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exposeHeadRoute`: creates a sibling `HEAD` route for any `GET` routes. Defaults to the value of [`exposeHeadRoutes`](Server.md#exposeHeadRoutes) instance option. If you want a custom `HEAD` handler without disabling this option, make sure to define it before the `GET` route.
```

Should also have a test for that case (there might already be, I haven't checked)

Author: Actually, it's not. Good catch, let me test this case. Thanks!

Author: Done in f636732
Please have a look 🙂
